_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

adapted template with custom information

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <b>ML Research</b> @ Karlsruhe Institute of Technology

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular

news: false  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Working on the automation of diffraction or spectroscopy data analysis. Instead of relying on manual preprocessing steps, figure-of-merit based matching or peak shape approximating procedures, let a neural network do the analysis.

While I started studing *Mechanical Engineering* at [Karlsruhe Institute of Technology](https://kit.edu) due to my interest in applied physics (rollercoasters, robots and simple machines that have often been realized using Legos), my interest in *Computer Science* mainly grew due to the simplicity of writing and understanding Python code. Libraries such as pyspotify (RIP) gave me a reason to experiment with code-snippets in my free time... now I'm writing code full time.

After an internship focused on the organization of data from sensor manufacturing and attending machine learning classes, my career was set. I started as a student researcher at the [Institute for Automation and Applied Informatics (IAI)](https://iai.kit.edu) and developed a proof-of-concept model for detection of synapses in microscopy images using the Tensorflow Object Detection API (discontinued). For my Master's thesis, [Bruker AXS GmbH](https://www.bruker.com/en/landingpages/baxs/x-ray-structural-and-elemental-analysis.html) had an interesting idea: Is it possible to detect mineral phases in X-ray powder diffraction scans from multi-compound samples using a neural network? Answers to this question and more can be found in the projects and publication pages on this site.
